Add `Get Alarm Runtime Status` API. (#13028)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/status/query_alarm_runtime_status.md

# Get Alarm Runtime Status

> OAP calculate the alarm condition in the memory based on the alarm rules and the metrics data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OAP calculates the alarm conditions in the memory based on the alarm rules and the metrics data. 
```
